WRP-21128: Fixed components used in enact/ui/Layout/Cell which cannot have their css customized in consumer apps. (#3162)
enactjs/enact: packages/ui/CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact ui module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Added

> - `ui/Layout.Cell` prop `componentCss` in order to pass classes to the `Cell` component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ui/Layout.Cell` prop `componentCss` in order to customize the component used in `Cell`
```
